readme: fix/improve note about permissions (#65)
actions/upload-pages-artifact: README.md

# File Permissions

When using this action, ensure that your files have appropriate file permissions.
We expect, at a minimum, for the files to have read permission for the current user (e.g 0744).

> Failure to do so will result in a `deployment_perms_error` when attempting to deploy your artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Failure to supply adequate permissions will result in a `deployment_perms_error` when attempting to deploy your artifacts to GitHub Pages.
```
